I think the best way to choose a graduate program is to go there. If you
can, um, physically go to the location and spend some time with,
you know, for instance, the faculty, um, you know, in the department
and the labs take a tour, meet the other graduate students and talk
to them. Ask them lots of questions about, you know, what is it like
being a graduate student in this program? Or what is it, like working
in this particular lab or with this particular person and get a
much information as you can and just be really, really try toe measure
the vibe? You know, like, what is it like, Are these people very
serious? Are they? Do they seem committed? Are they fun? Are they crazy?
Like And it's not that, anyway, is wrong. What you're looking for
is what works for you. What's the best fit for you? Um, and hands
down there is nothing like being there. So if you can possibly go to
the graduate school, um, I would strongly recommend doing that, and
sometimes this is something that you can kind of bargain with. Like
if somebody has made you an offer and wants a decision. You could
say to them I would really like to come out there in person if you haven't
already been. Um, And before I make a decision, and oftentimes
they will offer to, you know, bring you out and and put you up while
you're there at their expense, and I would definitely take advantage
of that, if you can.